It is year 2120.
As technology and medicine developed, people's life expectancy grew. People grew stronger and some people were born
with special power. With this kind of environment, the society was staying in place and population grew tremendously.
To supervise the changed world, they made a new rule. Anyone who commits crime such as stealing will be killed by the 
supervisor of the city at the spot. The society show an even bigger gap of the rich and the poor. The poor had to do 
anything to survive, but when they are caught stealing, they are killed right away. The supervisor is the strongest 
person in the city anyone who tried to run away from him after commiting a crime was never able to run far away. People 
who opposed the 'rule' were those who did not have power, so all they did was lay low and lived in fear. 
A girl named "Burner" was one of them. She was a fighter who had nothing but a strong body and fighting skills. Even with
strength, she laid low and stayed patient. However, she snapped when her boss tried to sexual harass her. She spilled out
all the anger and frustration she had in her because of the society. She had to survive alone because she lost her parents
when she was young. Then the supervisor of the city tried to kill her because she violently hit her boss. The supervisor 
never tried to listen to her side of the story. She always had the feeling that the world was being unfair, but this day 
made it clear. The world is broken. She made up her mind to fight the supervisor and stop hiding. 

She pulled together a crew of other people who had been oppressed and they began to train themselves to fight. 
They didn't have many resources, but then a fighter from the old days arrived to train them. They couldn't
believe he was real! They had thought he was just a myth... he was... John Cena!

She was awestruck when this man, seen as almost a mythical entity, appeared in front of her very eyes. 
She couldn't help but ask John Cena why he had come to help her of all people in this fight of her life. 
John Cena looked at her with an almost father-like grin and said, "Burner, I've known you your whole life, 
you just haven't been aware of it. I'm watching over you daily". "But, why me?", she asked. 
"Burner", said John Cena, "I am your dad".

Burner was too surprised to say something, so Cena keep speaking" Come here I will teach you the real power
 that can help you.""What power? What can it do?" said Burner.
"This power is based on your strong mind, stronger your mind stronger the power. 
This power can lift an adult without touching him,
It can also launch a sword that can cut everything."
"How do I learn it?"
"Burner, this power had already in your body,it just needs to be awaken."
"What's the name of this power?"
"We call it "THE FORCE"."

"The Force" was mastered in no time.
Burner was ready and so was her crew. She knew what she had to do. She led the coup d'etat and sat on the throne.
After the legendary day, peace that people have been dreaming about came true.
People suffering decreased day by day and smiles never left people's face.
At last, a happy ending came.

